If it is desired to submit an update to this library, please fork the master
branch of this repository and when the update is complete submit a merge request
to migrate the update into the master branch of this project. In the update,
add your name to the contributors listing. In the event, you become an
administrator of this repository, add your name to the authors listing.
Furthermore, if you are award the title of a maintainer of this repository, add
your name to the maintainers listing. In the event, you are no longer a
maintainer please remove your name from the maintainers listing. This
maintainers listing is for questions that users may have in regard to the
architecture. Refer to the information below for standards in regard to the
manor in which you format your code so that it aligns with the current
standards of this project.

If creating a new file, ensure that it is a header file. Be sure to place the
new file in the best location to your understand or your merge request will be
rejected. When conditioning such a header file, be sure to use the appropriate
macro definition format. This format is as follows, the name of the file, the
name of the category, the name of the library, the name of the standard, and
finally the file short-hand file type. All of which should be separated with an
underscore. If this namespacing format is not appropriate, your merge request
will be rejected.

When adding a new function, be sure to add a multi-line comment explaining
that the function does and why it is necessary. No comment inside the function
is required however, when particularly complex lines of code appear in a
function, please use a single line comment explaining what is happening.
